Cryptographic protocol verifier, copyright ENS, CNRS, INRIA, by Bruno Blanchet
and David Cadé, 2005-YEAR
ENS: 	Ecole Normale Supérieure, 
	45 rue d'Ulm, 75005 Paris, France
CNRS:	Centre Nationale de la Recherche Scientifique
INRIA:  Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et Automatique
	Domaine de Voluceau - Rocquencourt - B.P. 105 - 78153 Le Chesnay

This package contains executables for Windows, documentation, and
examples of a cryptographic protocol verifier. The source code is
available as separate package. The material contained in this package
is under the CeCILL-B license. (The CeCILL-B license is a BSD-style
license. See the file LICENSE for more information.)

This software can be used to prove secrecy and authentication
properties of cryptographic protocols, in the computational model. (If
you want a verifier for the Dolev-Yao model, please download
ProVerif.)

INSTALL under Windows 

Uncompress the archive cryptoverifbinVERSION.zip, in
the directory of your choice. This will create a subdirectory named
cryptoverifVERSION.

The system can run under Windows, but it is not very Windows-friendly:
you have to use the command line to run the programs. Improving the interface
is on the to-do list...

In order to run implementations of protocols generated by 
CryptoVerif, you need to have OCaml as well as the OCaml
cryptographic library "cryptokit" installed. This library
is available at
  https://github.com/xavierleroy/cryptokit
The easiest way to install both OCaml and "cryptokit" is via opam.
See https://fdopen.github.io/opam-repository-mingw/
Installing OCaml for Windows as instructed on this page
will also install Cygwin, thus providing Unix utilities
useful to run some test scripts of the CryptoVerif distribution,
such as bash, grep, cat, ...

In order to analyze .pcv files, you need to m4 preprocessor.
The easiest way is to install Cygwin, as
already suggested above, and install m4 via the Cygwin
installer if it is not already present.

USAGE

This software contains the executable program cryptoverif.  It takes as
input a description of a cryptographic protocol, and checks whether it
satisfies secrecy, authentication, or indistinguishability properties.
The subdirectory examples contains examples of cryptographic protocols.
To run CryptoVerif on example X, execute
	./cryptoverif examples/X
e.g.	./cryptoverif examples/basic/OtwayRees.pcv

A few helper programs are described in Section 10 of the manual,
in directory docs.

COPYRIGHT

This software is distributed under CeCILL-B license. The CeCILL-B
license is a BSD-style license. See the file LICENSE for more
information.

BUG REPORTS

Bugs and comments should be reported by e-mail to
	Bruno.Blanchet@inria.fr

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I warmly thank David Pointcheval for his advice and explanations
of the computational proofs of protocols. This project would not have
been possible without him.

This project was partly supported by ARA SSIA Formacrypt and
the ANR projects ProSe (decision ANR-2010-VERS-004-01)
and TECAP (decision ANR-17-CE39-0004-03).

